MQTT Guide (#817)
micronaut-projects/micronaut-guides: guides/micronaut-multitenancy-propagation/micronaut-multitenancy-propagation.adoc

[source,bash]
----
mn @cli-command@ example.micronaut.gateway --test=spock --lang=groovy
----

> In the previous command, we generate a Micronaut application and tell the CLI to use https://spockframework.org[Spock] as the test framework.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The previous command generates a Micronaut application and tells the CLI to use https://spockframework.org[Spock] as the test framework.
```
